Use of templates instead of external components remove dependency (#10)
mapero/esphome-hcpbridge: README.md

The component provides a cover component to control the garage door.

### Light

The component provides a Light component to turn the light off and on.

### Additional Components

> Information like the current position or the state of the option relay (Menu 30) cann be add using Templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Information like the current position or the state of the option relay (Menu 30) can be added using Templates.
```
